README.md, before:

  [![Code of Conduct](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9D%A4-code%20of%20conduct-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/overview/blob/master/CONDUCT.md)

# EEW Planning
This repo is for project management of the Environmental Enforcement Watch (EEW) series of events hosted by EDGI.

Looking for something to do? Look for the [needs more assignees](https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/labels/needs%20more%20assignees) label!

## Planning Document
For planning meeting notes and information, please visit the [Planning Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZraEefQMhF1XWDrZi8Igr9gQUWD2n2LM5n26CLmxbB8/edit#heading=h.s8auecfa33q0).

## EEW Tracker
Find an overview of the EEW investigation outcomes, spreadsheets of Jupyter Notebook and Primers on this [tracking spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZraEefQMhF1XWDrZi8Igr9gQUWD2n2LM5n26CLmxbB8/edit#heading=h.s8auecfa33q0).

## People of EEW
| Name | Github | Role/Area of responsibility/Tag me on conversations about... | Assigned issues |
| ------|--------|----------------------|-|
| Sara Wylie | @saraannwylie | EEW event co-coordinator, budget and hiring coordinator, fundraising and partnership outreach co-coordinator | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/saraannwylie |
| Lourdes Vera | @lourdesvera |EEW event co-coordinator, intern management, Gihub project management, data visualization and story gathering tracks, website management and review| https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/lourdesvera |
| Kelly Wilkinson | @EDGI-Comms|EDGI communications and social media | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/EDGI-Comms |
| Cole Alder | @calderEDJ |EEW website maintenance; event support; participant offboarding, visualization / outcome development and management; media coverage tracking  | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/calderEDJ |
| Casey Greenleaf | @crgreenleaf |EEW event support, participant onboarding, partnership and outreach co-coordinator, general questions   | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/crgreenleaf |
| Steve Hansen | @shansen5 | Programming and database support; Jupyter Notebook development; Mentoring on programming and development; Event notebook demonstrations| https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/shansen5 |
| Chris Sellers | @csellers9 | Moderating Database/Notebook-writing group; Liaison to SBU faculty, also to EPA ECHO staff | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/csellers9 |
| Eric Nost | @ericnost  | Github use & management, general questions, code reviews for Jupyter notebooks, data visualization and research/contextualization tracks | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/ericnost |
| Kelsey Breseman | @Frijol | Github use & management, general questions, interfacing with EDGI, code reviews for Jupyter notebooks | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/frijol
| Sung-Gheel Jang | @sunggheel | ECHO database hosted at Stonybrook University | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/sunggheel |
| Paul St. Denis | @pstdenis | ECHO database hosted at Stonybrook University  | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/pstdenis |
| Dietmar Offenhuber | @dietoff |Data visualization track, UX research, EEW in the classroom| https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/dietoff |
| Gaby Trudo| @gabrielletrudo | Communications and social media intern| https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/gabrielletrudo |

## How to use this repo
We are using a Github Project attached to this repo to manage tasks associated with organizing the EEW events. You can find the Project board [here](https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/projects/1) (or look for the Projects tab at the top of this repo.)

### To make a task in the project board:
1. Go to the Project board
1. In the To Do column, click the + icon: ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/454690/79391336-38ffe280-7f26-11ea-8913-42f905098fd4.png)
1. Write a note, save, then click on the three dots in the upper right corner of the note and click "Convert to issue" ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/454690/79391335-38674c00-7f26-11ea-97ec-1b94606935b9.png)
1. Now you can drag it around on the project boards, or access it in more depth in the [Issues](https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues) tab of this repo. If you close the issue, it will automatically move the card to the "Done" column.

### Using Github Issues
* An issue is something **specific** and **resolvable**, like a task or a question
* Github Issues can be accessed from the [Issues](https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues) tab
* Usually, the first message in the Issue says what needs resolving and provides any supporting information. Anyone can then comment on the issue to add to the conversation
* Github issues are typically public but not formal—somewhere between an email and a chat message. It is ok to jump in to a conversation in a Github issue if you have something to add
* If you are working on an issue, it is good form to comment and say so, and to provide updates (as comments), especially if you are blocked, have a question, or don't have time to work on it anymore
* By default, anyone who has contributed to or been tagged with their Github handle in that issue will receive notifications about updates to that issue. You can see your notifications by clicking on the bell icon in the top right of any Github page (if you're signed in), so this is a good way to stay engaged with a conversation

### To make an issue into a project task:
*This is for if you make a Github issue first, then want it to show up in the Project board.*

1. Make a Github issue
1. In the Project board, Click on "+ Add cards" near the top right of the screen ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/454690/79391908-436eac00-7f27-11ea-97b7-84df31d2c60a.png)
1. Find your issue in the menu that pops out and click on it
---
## License & Copyright

Copyright (C) <year> Environmental Data and Governance Initiative (EDGI)
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, version 3.0.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

See the [`LICENSE`](/LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

adds slack channel list and descriptions

README.md, after:

  [![Code of Conduct](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9D%A4-code%20of%20conduct-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/overview/blob/master/CONDUCT.md)

# EEW Planning
This repo is for project management of the Environmental Enforcement Watch (EEW) series of events hosted by EDGI.

Looking for something to do? Look for the [needs more assignees](https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/labels/needs%20more%20assignees) label!

## Planning Document
For planning meeting notes and information, please visit the [Planning Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZraEefQMhF1XWDrZi8Igr9gQUWD2n2LM5n26CLmxbB8/edit#heading=h.s8auecfa33q0).

## EEW Tracker
Find an overview of the EEW investigation outcomes, spreadsheets of Jupyter Notebook and Primers on this [tracking spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZraEefQMhF1XWDrZi8Igr9gQUWD2n2LM5n26CLmxbB8/edit#heading=h.s8auecfa33q0).

## People of EEW
| Name | Github | Role/Area of responsibility/Tag me on conversations about... | Assigned issues |
| ------|--------|----------------------|-|
| Sara Wylie | @saraannwylie | EEW event co-coordinator, budget and hiring coordinator, fundraising and partnership outreach co-coordinator | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/saraannwylie |
| Lourdes Vera | @lourdesvera |EEW event co-coordinator, intern management, Gihub project management, data visualization and story gathering tracks, website management and review| https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/lourdesvera |
| Kelly Wilkinson | @EDGI-Comms|EDGI communications and social media | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/EDGI-Comms |
| Cole Alder | @calderEDJ |EEW website maintenance; event support; participant offboarding, visualization / outcome development and management; media coverage tracking  | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/calderEDJ |
| Casey Greenleaf | @crgreenleaf |EEW event support, participant onboarding, partnership and outreach co-coordinator, general questions   | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/crgreenleaf |
| Steve Hansen | @shansen5 | Programming and database support; Jupyter Notebook development; Mentoring on programming and development; Event notebook demonstrations| https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/shansen5 |
| Chris Sellers | @csellers9 | Moderating Database/Notebook-writing group; Liaison to SBU faculty, also to EPA ECHO staff | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/csellers9 |
| Eric Nost | @ericnost  | Github use & management, general questions, code reviews for Jupyter notebooks, data visualization and research/contextualization tracks | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/ericnost |
| Kelsey Breseman | @Frijol | Github use & management, general questions, interfacing with EDGI, code reviews for Jupyter notebooks | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/frijol
| Sung-Gheel Jang | @sunggheel | ECHO database hosted at Stonybrook University | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/sunggheel |
| Paul St. Denis | @pstdenis | ECHO database hosted at Stonybrook University  | https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/pstdenis |
| Dietmar Offenhuber | @dietoff |Data visualization track, UX research, EEW in the classroom| https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/dietoff |
| Gaby Trudo| @gabrielletrudo | Communications and social media intern| https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues/assigned/gabrielletrudo |

## EEW-relevant Slack channels on EDGI's Slack
| Channel | Description |
|-|-|
| #data_wg | EDGI's general channel for data and archiving topics, including EEW notebook development and decentralized web work |
| #echo_projects |  The general channel for all projects related to ECHO, including EEW, ECHO classes, ECHO UX research, and others. |
| #eew_coordination | The general channel for everything related to EEW and EEW planning. This will be the main channel that you will be communicating in |
| #eew_daily_scrum | A bot posts every day to ask check-in questions so the EEW team can share what they are working on |
| #eew_issues | A bot posts updates to Github issues in the EEW_Planning and Environmental_Enforcement_Watch repos |
| #envirodatajustice | This is the channel about the broader theory behind environmental data justice and resources about environmental justice and data justice activism |
| #stupid_questions | For asking questions, especially questions you feel like maybe you should know the answer to already |

## How to use this repo
We are using a Github Project attached to this repo to manage tasks associated with organizing the EEW events. You can find the Project board [here](https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/projects/1) (or look for the Projects tab at the top of this repo.)

### To make a task in the project board:
1. Go to the Project board
1. In the To Do column, click the + icon: ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/454690/79391336-38ffe280-7f26-11ea-8913-42f905098fd4.png)
1. Write a note, save, then click on the three dots in the upper right corner of the note and click "Convert to issue" ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/454690/79391335-38674c00-7f26-11ea-97ec-1b94606935b9.png)
1. Now you can drag it around on the project boards, or access it in more depth in the [Issues](https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues) tab of this repo. If you close the issue, it will automatically move the card to the "Done" column.

### Using Github Issues
* An issue is something **specific** and **resolvable**, like a task or a question
* Github Issues can be accessed from the [Issues](https://github.com/edgi-govdata-archiving/EEW_Planning/issues) tab
* Usually, the first message in the Issue says what needs resolving and provides any supporting information. Anyone can then comment on the issue to add to the conversation
* Github issues are typically public but not formal—somewhere between an email and a chat message. It is ok to jump in to a conversation in a Github issue if you have something to add
* If you are working on an issue, it is good form to comment and say so, and to provide updates (as comments), especially if you are blocked, have a question, or don't have time to work on it anymore
* By default, anyone who has contributed to or been tagged with their Github handle in that issue will receive notifications about updates to that issue. You can see your notifications by clicking on the bell icon in the top right of any Github page (if you're signed in), so this is a good way to stay engaged with a conversation

### To make an issue into a project task:
*This is for if you make a Github issue first, then want it to show up in the Project board.*

1. Make a Github issue
1. In the Project board, Click on "+ Add cards" near the top right of the screen ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/454690/79391908-436eac00-7f27-11ea-97b7-84df31d2c60a.png)
1. Find your issue in the menu that pops out and click on it
---
## License & Copyright

Copyright (C) <year> Environmental Data and Governance Initiative (EDGI)
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, version 3.0.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

See the [`LICENSE`](/LICENSE) file for details.
